{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset1 Cambria Math;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}{\*\mmathPr\mmathFont2\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs44\lang9 TechieCableUtilities\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 TechieCableUtilities is a lightweight, independent program made by TechieCable. It includes some of TechieCable's favorite utilities - all in one small program!\par
TCU currently includes:\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 AlwaysOnTop - pin programs "on top" of all other programs!\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}TouchPad - turn touchpad on/off\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}SpecChars - type some Unicode characters more easily\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 TCU comes with some simple options for its users.\par
\par
Note: stars * in the brackets [] represent level of difficulty, with five [*****] being most difficult and one [*] being least difficult\par
Note: The parentheses () note what the instructions apply to\par
\tab\tab ex: (General), (AlwaysOnTop)\par
\par
\b Turn features on/off\b0  [*] (General)\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Find TechieCableUtilities in your task bar\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Right-click TechieCableUtilities\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Enter the "Options (Hotkeys)" menu\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Left-click features on/off\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}**This feature disables/enables the HOTKEYS (mentioned below)\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b Disable a feature\b0  [***] (General)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Add the following to TCU.ini\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i [disabled]\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 And then choose one or more of the following:\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i disable_AOT=1\par
disable_TouchPad=1\par
disable_loading=1\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0 Remove any of the above to allow the feature again\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 **Use disable_loading if you don't want to see the TCULauncher loading screen\par
\par
\b Use a custom icon for the options menu\b0  [***] (General)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Replace \i data\\settings_cog.ico\i0  with your own .ico file\i\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i0 Reload the program\i\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\i0 **To revert to the original, simply delete \i data\\settings_cog.ico\i0  and restart the program\i\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\i0\par
\b Delete TechieCableUtilities\b0  [*] (General)\par
If you don't want TechieCableUtilities anymore, something is broken, or you want to uninstall to reinstall, you can remove TechieCableUtilites from your computer.\par
To do this, you can either delete TechieCableUtilities' folder or use the built-in removal function\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 OPTION ONE:\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Right click TechieCableUtilities in your toolbar and then click "Open Script Directory"\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Right click TechieCableUtilities again and click "Exit"\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}In the window that opened, go up a folder and delete the folder called "TechieCableUtilities"\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}OPTION TWO\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Right click TechieCableUtilties in your toolbar and click "Remove TCU" (Under the TechieCableUtilites menu)\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}A small window may briefly appear; this is the command deleting the folder\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}That's it!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b To pin a program "on top"\b0  [**] (AlwaysOnTop)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Select the program you want to put "on top"\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Press CTRL + ALT + SHIFT + Space\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b To unpin a program\b0  [**] (AlwaysOnTop)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Select a pinned program\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Press CTRL + ALT + SHIFT + SPACE\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\b To activate/deactivate the touchpad\b0  [*] (TouchPad)\b\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b0 Press CTRL + F2\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\tab\tab OR\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Find TechieCableUtilities in your task bar\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Right-click TechieCableUtilities\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Left-click "TouchPadToggle"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 *TouchPad only works on some computers and requires a touchpad to be included in the computer. Please check if your computer has a touchpad before using\par
*TouchPad relies on an external script (data\\TouchpadToggle.exe) to work. You may have to allow this program through your security/antivirus program\par
\par
\b Type special characters\b0  [*] (SpecChars)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tab Spanish Characters\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`a     =     \'e1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`e     =     \'e9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`i     =     \'ed\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`o     =     \'f3\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`u     =     \'fa\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`n     =     \'f1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`u     =     \'fa\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`A     =     \'c1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`E     =     \'c9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`I     =     \'cd\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`O     =     \'d3\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`U     =     \'da\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`N     =     \'d1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`?     =     \'bf\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`!     =     \'a1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\tab Superscript\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^1     =     \'b9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^2     =     \'b2\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^3     =     \'b3\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^4     =     \f1\u8308?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^5     =     \f1\u8309?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^6     =     \f1\u8310?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^7     =     \f1\u8311?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^8     =     \f1\u8312?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^9     =     \f1\u8313?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}^0     =     \f1\u8304?\f0\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}\tab Math\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`*     =     \'d7\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`/     =     \'f7\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`+-     =     \'b1\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`~=     =     \f2\u8776?\f0\lang9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`<=     =     \f2\u8804?\f0\lang9\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}`>=     =     \f2\u8805?\f0\lang9\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
Not satisfied with the Special Characters added here? Read below to add your own!\par
\b Add Special Characters\b0  [*****] (SpecChars)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Create a file in the TCU directory called SpecChars.txt\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Add :*:, followed by the characters that are replaced\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}Then add :: followed by the Unicode ID for the character you want to appear in \{\}\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 For example, :*:`()::\{U+00B0\} replaces `() with \{U+00B0\}, which is \'b0\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Try placing :*:`()::\{U+00B0\} in your SpecChars.txt file to test it out!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1 HINT: Search for "Unicode " followed by the character you want on your internet browser.\par
\par
\b Addons\b0  [*****] (General)\par

\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-360\li720\sa200\sl276\slmult1 TechieCableUtilities searches its data directory for a file called \cf1 addon.txt\cf0  and runs anything in that file\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}If you need to add a callable function, put it in a file called \cf1 gosub.txt\cf0  (in the data directory) and call it with "gosub" or a timer in the addon.txt file\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}If you are feeling really adventurous, try adding code into this file (in AutoHotkey)!\par
{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}TechieCableUtilities is written in AutoHotkey, which you can learn more about at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.autohotkey.com }}{\fldrslt{www.autohotkey.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
}
 